# CS-230-OperatingPlatforms

The Gaming Room creates games, like Draw It or Lose It which was an Android app, and they wanted to include other platforms outside of just android, a mobile platform, for user to play the game on. The client wanted a web-based platform available with their already existing Draw It or Lose It Game. While creating the document I believe I did well in explaining the ups and downs of different aspects of various operating systems. The operating systems included Windows, Mas, Linus, and general mobile devices and I looked at the server side, client side, and development tools available in each.

One aspect of the document the was useful while developing the code was the ULM diagram and the domain model, though I struggled with it at first, having that available to look back on to make sure the code is still doing what the client wants in important and very useful while developing code. This is also the section that I would like to revise as I feel I have a better understanding of the code itself and ULM diagrams, though revising the document as needed would be a good idea as well, not just for one section.

Interpreting a user’s needs is important when designing software, how it looks to the user, how well it can be interacted with, speed, security, and many other things need to be considered, sometimes without the user even knowing that they want to need it. If a game is slow or out of sync, if for example they play multiplayer games, then they would not want to play or use that game or software again. Same thing if the users see a security risk for their computers, or if they just don’t like the look of what they are using. Reading through the clients needs and what the game consisted of and included is a good starting point in determining the needs of a user, which is what I did in creating the documentation and working on the code. In the future I would like to set up a better timeline for myself to help keep myself on track, as time management can be an issue at times. Setting aside more time to look at what the client wants and what we have to work with would help greatly in more through documentation.
